hello there I am playing on Minecraft
and yeah built some l2 football badges
first when I built took about let top
two days but that probably only took an
hour and a half of each of them because
yeah I didn't do it all day so yeah then
the other one I built today took about
an hour
the first ones I built where is it
stereos is the best team in the world
hmm Chelsea Football Club and wait
that's how you do it
yes oh yeah sorry about the camera ring
because I don't exactly have a PVR yeah
and then the one that I built today is
the Liverpool bags it's not as good as
the Chelsea one by far you can't read
the writing so yeah but let me pull the
like birdy type thing
flames they're quite cool that they're
the best bit probably and I had a lot of
trouble with this because I didn't have
enough room to make them all the same
size as the E and then when I got to the
elde on the Liverpool I didn't have
enough room so I had to make these owes
a lot smaller than all of them so it
could fit in so yeah
if you want to know how I built them go
on YouTube actually I put the link in
the description because I try remember
the name so yeah yeah that's supposed to
be a water polo thing them I make the
builders built whatever so yeah I'm
gonna be making a lot more and I'll put
more videos on oh yeah
bye bye bye bye
pigley